Add note re: create a replicator for every resource you want to replicate (#2225)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.18/guides/use-federation.md

This allows you to centrally define RBAC policy on the `gateway` cluster and replicate those resources to other clusters in the federation, ensuring consistent permissions for Sensu users across multiple clusters via the `gateway` web UI.

To get started, configure one etcd replicator per cluster for each of those RBAC policy types, across all namespaces, for each backend in the federation.

{{% notice note %}}

> **NOTE**: Create a replicator for each resource you want to replicate within a namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Create a replicator for each resource type you want to replicate within a namespace.
```

Author: Yes, I think you're right about that. fixing now...

Reviewer: "within a namespace" confuses me here.

> Creating a replicator for a particular namespace will **not** replicate all resources within that namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Create a replicator for each resource type you want to replicate. 
Replicating `Namespace` resources will **not** replicate the resources that belong to those namespaces.
```
